Embedded dependencies workflow (#165)
QGIS-Contribution/QGIS-ResourceSharing: docs/development/update_dependencies.md

# Dependencies upgrade workflow

> This plugin is based on external dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin has external dependencies:
```

- dulwich
- giturlparse
- pathvalidate

> Because it's still hard to instal Python 3rd party packages from an index (for example <https://pypi.org>), especially on Windows or Mac systems (or even on Linux if we want to do it properly in a virtual environment), those required packages are stored into the `ext_libs` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because it's still hard to install Python 3rd party packages from an index (for example <https://pypi.org>), especially on Windows or Mac systems (or even on Linux if we want to do it properly in a virtual environment), those required packages are stored in the `ext_libs` folder.
```
